Adapted from [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/1)

# Part A

The jungle must be too overgrown and difficult to navigate in vehicles or access from the air; your expedition traditionally goes on foot. As your boats approach land, you begin taking inventory of your supplies. One important consideration is food - in particular, the number of Calories each wagon is carrying (your puzzle input).

Your assistants write down the number of Calories contained by the various meals, snacks, rations, etc. in each wagon, one item per line. Each wagon's inventory is separated from the previous wagon's inventory (if any) by a blank line.

For example, suppose you end up with the following list:

    1000
    2000
    3000

    4000

    5000
    6000

    7000
    8000
    9000

    10000

This list represents the Calories of the food carried by five wagons:

The first wagon is carrying food with `1000`, `2000`, and `3000` Calories, a total of `6000` Calories.
The second wagon is carrying one food item with `4000` Calories.
The third wagon is carrying food with `5000` and `6000` Calories, a total of `11000` Calories.
The fourth wagon is carrying food with `7000`, `8000`, and `9000` Calories, a total of `24000` Calories.
The fifth wagon is carrying one food item with `10000` Calories.
In case your crew gets hungry and need extra snacks, they need to know which wagon to take from: they'd like to know how many Calories are being carried by the wagon carrying the most Calories. In the example above, this is `24000` (carried by the fourth wagon).

Find the wagon carrying the most Calories. How many total Calories is that wagon carrying?

## Requirements

### expedition.js

- exports a function `readInput(filePath)`
  - readInput reads the specified file and returns an array
  - if the file doesn't exist, the array should be empty
  - otherwise the array contains each line from the file as a separate element (including blank lines)
- exports a function `sumWagons(inputArr)`
  - the parameter `inputArr` will be an array generated by `readInput`
  - `sumWagons` should return an array containing the total calories of each wagon (note that the inputArr will be an array of Strings, but the returned array should contain Numbers)
  - if `inputArr` is empty, simply return an empty array
- exports a function `findLargest(wagonArr)`
  - parameter `wagonArr` will be an array of the total calories carried by each wagon (the result of `sumWagons`)
  - `findLargest` should return the largest number in the array
  - if `wagonArr` is empty, return `0`
- exports a function `solutionA(filePath)`
  - should use `readInput`, `sumWagons`, and `findLargest` to return the answer to part A

# Part B

By the time you calculate the answer to the question, you already realized that the wagon carrying the most Calories of food might eventually run out of snacks.

To avoid this unacceptable situation, you would instead like to know the total Calories carried by the top three wagons carrying the most Calories. That way, even if one of those wagons runs out of snacks, you still have two backups.

In the example above, the top three wagons are the fourth wagon (with `24000` Calories), then the third wagon (with `11000` Calories), then the fifth wagon (with `10000` Calories). The sum of the Calories carried by these three wagons is `45000`.

Find the top three wagons carrying the most Calories. How many Calories are those wagon carrying in total?

## Requirements

### expedition.js

- exports a function `findThreeLargest(wagonArr)`
  - parameter `wagonArr` will be an array of the total calories carried by each wagon (the result of `sumWagons`)
  - `findLargest` should return the sum of the three largest number in the array
  - if there are fewer than three items in the array, return the sum of all of them
  - if `wagonArr` is empty, return `0`
- exports a function `solutionB(filePath)`
  - should use `readInput`, `sumWagons`, and `findThreeLargest` to return the answer to part B
